Update examples to include Sentinel Workbook (#665)
Azure/missionlz: src/bicep/examples/zeroTrustWorkbook/README.md

_resourcePrefix_ | A 3-10 alphanumeric character string without whitespace, used to prefix resources and generate uniqueness for resources with globally unique naming requirements
_deploySentinel_ | A boolean expression indicating that Azure Sentinel is to be deployed with the MissionLZ deployment
_deployDefender_ | A boolean expression indicating that Microsoft Defender for Cloud is enabled in the Mission LZ deployment

An example deployment with required deployment parameters included is shown below:

```bash

 az deployment sub create \
   --subscription $deploymentSubscription \
   --name "myMlzDeployment" \
   --template-file ./mlz.bicep \
   --parameters resourcePrefix=myPrefix \
   deploySentinel=true \
   deployDefender=true
```

## Deploying Sentinel Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Workbook

The Sentinel Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Workbook is maintained in the [Azure Sentinel GitHub repository](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-Sentinel/blob/master/Solutions/ZeroTrust(TIC3.0)/readme.md)

With the link provided, it is possible to use the "Deploy to Azure" button with some simple input parameters for Azure Government and Azure Commercial clouds.

> From the pre-existing deployment of MLZ shown above, the following parameters are required for deployment of the Azure Sentinel Workbook:
> 
>  Required Input Parameters | Description
> ---------------------------|------------
> _operationsSubscriptionId_ | The subscription that contains the Log Analytics Workspace and to deploy the Sentinel solution into
> _operationsResourceGroupName_ | The resource group that contains the Log Analytics Workspace to link Azure Sentinel to
> _logAnalyticsWorkspaceName_ | The name of the Log Analytics Workspace to link Azure Sentinel to
> 
> The `$operationsResourceGroupName` utilizes the `$resourcePrefix` in a typical Mission LZ deployment. In the example deployment above, the $resourcePrefix is `myPrefix`. The standard naming convention of the example Operations resource group will be:
> 
> `myPrefix-rg-operations-mlz`
> 
> This can be searchable through the Azure CLI:
> 
> ```bash
> az group list --query [].name --out tsv | grep "operations"
> ```
> 
> To retrieve the `$logAnalyticsWorkspaceName`, the following naming convention will be adhered to in a typical Mission LZ deployment with the example provided:
> 
> `myPrefix-log-operations-mlz`
> 
> This parameter is also searchable with the Azure CLI:
> 
> ```bash
> az monitor log-analytics workspace list --query [].name --out tsv --resource-group $operationsResourceGroupName
> ```
> 
> To deploy the workbook through Azure CLI (with the example parameters provided for the required variables):

Reviewer: The table lists input parameters, but they are not parameters to deploy the workbook, which is confusing. I suggest removing the snippets for finding the workspace name and replacing it with a simple description. An example is below, but please apply additional edits as you see fit.
```suggestion

### Command Line Workbook Deployment

The workbook can be deployed using the Azure CLI `az deployment` command. The workbook template requires the `workspace` parameter, which is the name of the Log Analytics workspace connected to Sentinel in MLZ. The workspace name can be found in the MLZ operations resource group, which also contains the Log Analytics and Sentinel deployment. The same resource group is where the `az deployment` command is scoped. See the example below:
```

## What this example does

### Deploys a Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Workbook in Azure Sentinel

Documentation can be found here: [Build and monitor Zero Trust (TIC 3.0) security architectures with Microsoft Sentinel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/security/zero-trust/integrate/sentinel-solution)

### Pre-requisites

1. A MissionLZ deployment with Security Center and Sentinel enabled

2. Enablement of [enhanced security features in Microfost Defender for Cloud](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/enable-enhanced-security)

The following table lists the required parameters for a missionLZ deployment to enable a Azure Sentinel Workbook:

Required Parameters | Description
------------------- | -----------
_location_ | The region to deploy Azure Sentinel into
_resourcePrefix_ | A 3-10 alphanumeric character string without whitespace, used to prefix resources and generate uniqueness for resources with globally unique naming requirements
_deploySentinel_ | A boolean expression indicating that Azure Sentinel is to be deployed with the MissionLZ deployment

> _deployASC_ | A boolean expression indicating that Azure Security Center (or Microsoft Defender for Cloud) is enabled in the MissionLZ deployment

Reviewer 2: This parameter name changed in #664 

```suggestion
_deployDefender_ | A boolean expression indicating that Microsoft Defender for Cloud is enabled in the Mission LZ deployment
```

An example deployment with required deployment parameters included is shown below:

```bash
# after a Mission LZ deployment
#
# az deployment sub create \
#   --subscription $deploymentSubscription \
#   --name "myMlzDeployment" \
#   --template-file ./mlz.bicep \
#   --parameters resourcePrefix=$resourcePrefix \
#   deploySentinel=true \

> #   deployASC=true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#   deployDefender=true
```

 Required Input Parameters | Description
---------------------------|------------
_operationsSubscriptionId_ | The subscription that contains the Log Analytics Workspace and to deploy the Sentinel solution into
_operationsResourceGroupName_ | The resource group that contains the Log Analytics Workspace to link Azure Sentinel to
_logAnalyticsWorkspaceName_ | The name of the Log Analytics Workspace to link Azure Sentinel to

One way to retreive these values is with the Azure CLI:

az deployment sub show \
  --subscription $deploymentSubscription \
  --name "myMlzDeployment" \
  --query properties.outputs

...which should return an object containing the values you need:

```plaintext
{
  "operationsSubscriptionId": {
    "type": "String",
    "value": "0987654-3210..."
  },
  ...
  "operationsResourceGroupName": {
    "type": "String",
    "value": "mlz-dev-operations"
  },
  ...
  "logAnalyticsWorkspaceName": {
    "type": "String",
    "value": "mlz-dev-laws"
  },
  ...
```

...and if you're on a BASH terminal, this command (take note to replace "myMlzDeployment" with your deployment name) will export the values as environment variables:

```bash

> export $(az deployment sub show --name "myMlzDeployment" --query "properties.outputs.{ args: [ join('', ['operationsResourceGroupName=', operationsResourceGroupName.value]), join('', ['logAnalyticsWorkspaceName=', logAnalyticsWorkspaceName.value])] }.args" --out tsv | xargs)

Reviewer 2: This example command does not work as there's no `operationsResourceGroupName` output at the parent level of `properties.outputs`.

My recommendation is to remove L82 to L86 entirely and let the user source the parameters however they see fit.

Out of curiosity, I referenced `spokes.value[1].resourceGroupName` to make the snippet functional:

```plaintext
export $(az deployment sub show --name "myMlzDeployment" --query "properties.outputs.{ args: [ join('', ['operationsResourceGroupName=', spokes.value[1].resourceGroupName]), join('', ['logAnalyticsWorkspaceName=', logAnalyticsWorkspaceName.value])] }.args" --out tsv | xargs)
```

Author: This was originally in https://github.com/Azure/missionlz/tree/main/src/bicep/examples/sentinel
Used this in place of my original instructions on gathering required data sources. 
Will update.

```

To deploy the workbook through Azure CLI:

> ```bash
> az deployment group create \
> --name MlzWorkbookDeploy \
> --resource-group $operationsResourceGroupName 
> --template-uri "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/Azure-Sentinel/master/Solutions/ZeroTrust(TIC3.0)/Package/mainTemplate.json" \
> --parameters workspace=$logAnalyticsWorkspaceName

Reviewer 2: Missing a newline escape character on `--resource-group` and the bash codefence is not closed:

````suggestion
```bash
az deployment group create \
--name MlzWorkbookDeploy \
--resource-group $operationsResourceGroupName \
--template-uri "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/Azure-Sentinel/master/Solutions/ZeroTrust(TIC3.0)/Package/mainTemplate.json" \
--parameters workspace=$logAnalyticsWorkspaceName
```
````

# Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Workbook Example

This example adds an Azure Sentinel: Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Workbook solution to MLZ, provided Sentinel has already been deployed; either through the bicep or [terraform implementation instructions](../sentinel/README.md) in the Operations (T1) resource group.

## What this example does

### Deploys a Zero Trust (TIC3.0) Workbook in Azure Sentinel

Documentation can be found here: [Build and monitor Zero Trust (TIC 3.0) security architectures with Microsoft Sentinel](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/security/zero-trust/integrate/sentinel-solution)

### Pre-requisites

> 1. A MissionLZ deployment with Security Center and Sentinel enabled

Reviewer: Should this say Microsoft Defender for Cloud instead of "Security Center"? (We just implemented the rename in our code this week.)

Author: @brooke-hamilton thank you for bringing that to my attention - I was re-reviewing what I had written as it came to light that "Security Center" was recently replaced by "Microsoft Defender for Cloud" - will make sure that is fixed too :)

Reviewer: @lisamurphy-msft thanks for the updates on this branch. If the comments and issues are resolved then please mark them as resolved so we know to take another look.

2. Enablement of [enhanced security features in Microfost Defender for Cloud](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/enable-enhanced-security)

> The following table lists the required parameters for a missionLZ deployment to enable a Azure Sentinel Workbook:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table lists the required parameters for a Mission LZ deployment to enable an Azure Sentinel Workbook:
```
